Hello everyone. I'm Alejandro Lopez Lamata and
I am going to present my project entitled
Retinitis pigmentosa support device
Pigmentaria.
Why did I decide to do this project?
Well, to begin with, I wanted to here
Let's put this quote from Louis
Pastor Pasteur: Microbiologist and Chemist
French, who says that we should be surprised by
Something is the first step of
mind towards discovery, making
reference to that curiosity that we
has brought everyone here today.
The project started like this. In fact,
Out of pure curiosity. There are many of us.
those who in our day to
Every day we live with people with some
type of retinopathy or disability
Visual. Not just retinitis pigmentosa anymore.
pigmentary diseases, but other diseases such as
They can be Stargard, Usher, or any other.
Another one. So I always
I've wondered if I really could
try to contribute in some way to
to help those people.
could live their lives more
Comfortable, right? Because they are also
very rare diseases that do not
They receive a lot of research. And
when the opportunity presented itself to
to be able to work with Carlos University
Third, I decided to address this issue.